FMC allow pictures of scramble (#1125)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

    - E2e) The competitor's solution must not be directly derived from any part of the scramble sequence. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF), at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.
        - E2e1) The WCA Delegate may ask the competitor to explain the purpose of each move in their solution, irrespective of the scramble sequence. If the competitor cannot give a valid explanation, the attempt is disqualified (DNF).
- E3) The competitor may use the following objects during the attempt. Penalty for using unauthorized objects: disqualification of the attempt (DNF).

>     - E3a) Solution Sheet (supplied by the judge), paper (supplied by the judge) with a picture of the scramble for that attempt, and pens/pencils or similar (supplied by the judge, or optionally self-supplied).

Author: ```suggestion
    - E3a) Paper (supplied by the judge) with a picture of the scramble for that attempt, the solution sheet (supplied by the judge), and pens/pencils or similar (supplied by the judge, or optionally self-supplied).
```

>     - E3a) Paper (supplied by the judge) with a picture of the scramble for that attempt, the solution sheet (supplied by the judge), and pens/pencils or similar (supplied by the judge, or optionally self-supplied).

Author: Sam's suggestion:
```suggestion
    - E3a) Paper (supplied by the judge), the solution sheet (supplied by the judge), a picture of the scramble for that attempt (which may be included on the paper or solution sheet), and pens/pencils or similar (supplied by the judge, or optionally self-supplied).
```

Reviewer: Very much in favour of this wording 👍
